docs: Add incoming webhooks integrations section. (#37339)
zulip/zulip: docs/webhooks/incoming-webhooks-overview.md

# Incoming webhooks overview

An incoming webhook allows a third-party service to push data to Zulip
when something happens. There are several ways to set up an incoming
webhook in Zulip:

- Use our [REST API](https://zulip.com/api/rest) endpoint for [sending
  messages](https://zulip.com/api/send-message). This works great for
  internal tools or in cases where a third-party tool wants to control
  the formatting of the messages in Zulip.
- Use one of our supported [integration frameworks](https://zulip.com/integrations/category/meta-integration),
  such as the [Slack-compatible incoming webhook](https://zulip.com/integrations/slack_incoming),
  [Zapier integration](https://zulip.com/integrations/zapier), or
  [IFTTT integration](https://zulip.com/integrations/ifttt).

> - Implement an incoming webhook integration, where all the logic for

Reviewer: I wonder if the removed "(detailed on this page)" could be helpful, if rephrased?

Author: Yeah, makes sense. I expanded the second sentence here to note that the rest of the doc is pretty much an overview of implementing an incoming webhook.

- Document the integration in `zerver/webhooks/<mywebhook>/doc.md`, which
  is required for getting it merged into the zulip/zulip repository. You
  can use existing documentation, like [this one](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zulip/zulip/main/zerver/webhooks/github/doc.md),
  as a template. This should not take more than 15 minutes, even if you
  don't speak English as a first language (reviewers will help clean up
  the documentation text before merging).

## Hello world walkthrough

Check out [this detailed guide](incoming-webhooks-walkthrough) for
step-by-step instructions on developing an incoming webhook integration.

## Checklist

### Files that need to be created

Select a name for your incoming webhook and use it consistently. The
examples below are for an incoming webhook named `MyWebHook`.

- `zerver/webhooks/mywebhook/__init__.py`: An empty file that is an
  obligatory part of every python package. Remember to `git add` it.
- `zerver/webhooks/mywebhook/view.py`: This file will have the main
  webhook handler, called `api_mywebhook_webhook`, along with any
  necessary helper functions.
- `zerver/webhooks/mywebhook/fixtures/message_type.json`: A sample JSON

>   outgoing webhook payload data used by tests. Add one fixture file per

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `zerver/webhooks/mywebhook/fixtures/message_type.json`: A sample payload
used by tests. Add one fixture file per
```

- It doesn't necessarily need to be JSON.
- This is a nothingburger but new contributors easily get confused by mentions of "outgoing webhook" in the incoming webhook docs. I know :shrug:

`INTEGRATION_NAME` is the name of the specific webhook integration and
`API_KEY` is the API key of the bot created by the user for the
integration, is:

```
https://your-org.zulipchat.com/v1/external/INTEGRATION_NAME?api_key=API_KEY
```

The list of existing incoming webhook integrations can be found by
browsing [Zulip's integrations documentation](https://zulip.com/integrations/)
or in `zerver/lib/integrations.py` at `INCOMING_WEBHOOK_INTEGRATIONS`.

Parameters accepted in the URL include:

### api_key (required)

The API key of [the bot](https://zulip.com/help/add-a-bot-or-integration)
created by the user for the integration. To get a bot's API key, see the
[API keys](https://zulip.com/api/api-keys) documentation.

### stream

The [channel](https://zulip.com/help/introduction-to-channels) for the
integration to send notifications to. This can be either the channel ID
or the [URL-encoded][url-encoder] channel name. By default, the
integration will send direct messages to the bot's owner.

:::{note}

A channel's ID can be found when [browsing
channels](https://zulip.com/help/introduction-to-channels#browse-and-subscribe-to-channels)
in the web or desktop apps.

:::

### topic

> The [topic](https://zulip.com/help/introduction-to-topics) in the

Reviewer: Do we really need this new link? 🤔 
Are folks who are unfamiliar with what Zulip is - likely to reach this far down this doc?
It doesn't hurt to add it, of course.

Author: This section will be linked to by `webhooks-url-specification.md`, which is used on a bunch of the individual integration doc pages. Since those are more likely to be accessed by new users/admins who are exploring the documentation for Zulip, I thought having that link here would be good.
